CLDR-18008 Specify that currency digits might NOT be derived from ISO 4217 (#4112)
unicode-org/cldr: docs/ldml/tr35-numbers.md

The `fractions` element contains any number of `info` elements, with the following attributes:

* **iso4217:** the ISO 4217 code for the currency in question. If a particular currency does not occur in the fractions list, then it is given the defaults listed for the next two attributes.

> * **digits:** the minimum and maximum number of decimal digits normally formatted. The default is 2. For example, in the en_US locale with the default value of 2 digits, the value 1 USD would format as "$1.00", and the value 1.123 USD would format as → "$1.12". This value of this field may or may not equal the "minor unit" value from ISO 4217.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **digits:** the minimum and maximum number of decimal digits normally formatted. 
The default is 2. 
For example, in the en_US locale with the default value of 2 digits, the value 1 USD would format as "$1.00", and the value 1.123 USD would format as → "$1.12". 
This value of this field is based on the "minor unit" value from ISO 4217, but may deviate from ISO 4217 where there is compelling evidence for different customary practice.
```

Reviewer: Reviewed in the design meeting. Note that the **usage** of currencies in countries may also deviate from ISO, based on customary practice.
